Download Link: https://assignmentchef.com/product/solved-solvedreal-time-concurrent-systems-solution
<br>
Part A Network Programming There are many intricacies and exceptions in network programming. In this part, we are going to explore queuing at the UDP level. The answers can be found by reading. Example: 2buntu.com/1209/udp-untangled-overview-of-how-udp-works/ In this assignment you will find your answers heuristically. Your task is to construct an experiment to demonstrate that the UDP communication is asynchronous :- 1. The sender does not need to be ready-and-waiting when a client sends a datagram, 2. The client continues execution concurrently. 3. Consequently, the UDP layer provides queuing of datagrams (under one condition). Requirements: 1. You must write a rationale and method for your experiment 2. You must write the code in Xenomai/C. 3. You must provide your experimental data as well as a summary/analysis of the data showing how your experiment proved that UDP communication is asynchronous. 4. For full marks, you must identify the condition in which datagrams are not queued, and your experiment must also include that condition. Notes: 1. Your experiment may be run on one machine (i.e. you can work at home on your laptop) but your code should be written so that it would be easy to run the experiment on two programs. Part B Threading Threads can share data, yet their concurrency opens up the danger of data collisions. We will spend the rest of the term learning to write code that is “thread-safe”. In this assignment, you will write code that is not thread-safe so that you can prove that data collisions do occur (hopefully!) Advanced Reading: For this assignment, ignore the synchronization solutions. Make sure you understand the problem of non-atomic operations and visibility: http://www.baptiste-wicht.com/2010/08/javaconcurrrency-synchronization-locks/ Your program will: 2. Be written in Java 3. Be multi-threaded. You may use either Thread or Runnable. 4. Be able to create various numbers of threads, but always in pairs. The goal will be to run the program with more threads than you have cores on your (lab or home) machine. 5. Not use any thread synchronization. 6. Share a counter between threads: a. The counter must be double or long (Rationale:Stack Overflow: What operations are considered atomic ) b. To maximize the chance of a collision, the thread shall read-test-and-write the counter c. The final state of the counter will be compared against its expected value to test whether a collision occurred during the program execution. 7. Will execute a statistically significant number of times, so as to maximize the chance of collisions occurring 8. Not print data during the execution (during initialization and termination is fine) Requirements: 1. You must write a rationale and method for your experiment 2. You must provide your experimental data as well as a summary/analysis of the data showing how your experiment proved that data corruption occurs. Common Instructions 1. Rationale: A rationale begins with a definition of the topic-under-study (e.g. asynchronous communication) followed by the experiment’s hypothesis and a broad description of the experiment’s goal. (5-10 sentences, possibly with a diagram, depending on the topic). 2. Method: An explanation of the code that was written to (dis)prove the hypothesis. A few sentences about the components, their role, and their expected behavior. Finally, something should be said about what data will be collected/measured/observed to arrive at the experiment’s conclusion. 3. Results: A data printout – or an excerpt – or a calculation (e.g. average, min, max) of the data, even the presence or absence of data. Whatever representation, the data should support a conclusion about the experiment 4. Analysis: A statement that makes a conclusion based on the results. Work Products (Deliverables) For each Part, 1. README.txt: DETAILED instructions on how to run your code. If the TA can’t easily run your system, you don’t get any marks! 2. A PDF containing the experiment’s rationale, method, results and analysis. Note: Be concise. A long report is not necessary and is not the goal of this assignment. Your document should simply convey the notion that the code that you submit was methodically built to prove a supposition and help the TA navigate your code. One page, at most 2 pages. 3. The code, zipped.